NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Ah! What a lovely day
for a royal fairy picnic.
Nanny Plum, get the magic
picnic basket ready!
Uh, I can't, Your Majesty.
Why not?
The magic picnic basket
has disappeared.
You mean, you lost it.
Things don't just disappear.
Whoa.
Where's my chair gone?
Nanny.
I can't find my wand.
There. One piano to deliver
to the King.
Ben. Are you ready?
Coming, Dad.
Come on, Ben.
We've got this piano to deliver
to the Little Castle.
I don't want to be late.
That's right, Ben.
Elves are never late.
ALL:
And we're elves.
[BLOWS AIR]
Oh. Where's my horn?
Ben, you must look
after your things.
A good elf never loses
their things.
Oh, where's my piano gone?
What's happening?
Aah! Ants.
[♪♪♪]
Oi. That's our TV.
Why are the ants taking
all our stuff?
I don't know.
Ants! Outrageous!
Nanny Plum,
do something!
Okay,
let's follow them.
Where are the ants taking
our things?
Probably to the queen ant.
Queen ant.
Is she pretty like Mommy?
Uh...
Does she have lovely dresses
and a sparkly crown?
No, the queen ant is
a different sort of queen.
Oh.
[♪♪♪]
There's my horn.
[HORN HONKS]
There's my wand.
[JINGLES]
Oi. That's our TV.
[CRASHES]
The ants are taking
all our things.
Yes. And ours too.
Where are they taking it?
Down to the queen ant.
Nanny, I command you to have
a word with this queen ant.
What word would that be,
Your Majesty?
Uh...tell her to stop
taking our stuff.
I would, Your Majesty,
but I can't speak Ant.
It's one of the more difficult
insect languages,
along with Centipede.
What we need is someone
who can speak Ant.
[BARKING]
BEN & HOLLY: Gaston.
Ah, good.
Ladybirds can speak Ant.
[ALL GASP]
[ALL SIGH]
[BARKS]
So Gaston can be
your ant translator.
[BARKING]
Down you go, Nanny.
Can Ben and I go too?
Yes.
But stay close to Nanny Plum
so she can keep you safe.
BOTH:
Hooray.
I'll go too,
to keep Nanny Plum safe.
And I'll go too,
to keep Mr. Elf safe.
[BARKS]
Hm. These tunnels could
go very deep, you know.
How deep?
Do they go to
the center of the Earth?
I hope not, my feet
are tired enough already.
ALL:
Ooh.
This way.
MRS. ELF:
It would be very easy to get
lost in these tunnels.
BEN:
It's a maze.
HOLLY:
I hope we remember
how to get out.
Don't worry. I know how
to get through mazes.
You take every first
turning down
and every third
turning up,
and that gets you through
any maze.
Oh. It's a dead end.
Or is it every second turn
to the left?
Ooh, are we lost, Mr. Elf?
Um...
[ANTS CHUCKLING
AND GIBBERING]
What's that sound?
Ahh! Ants.
[GIBBERS]
That's lucky.
They can show us
where the queen ant is.
Gaston, say
"Take us to your leader."
[BOTH GIBBERING]
What did they say?
Woof, woof.
Gaston says the ants
will give us a lift.
BOTH:
Cool.
Yee-haw.
Giddy up. Giddy up.
BEN & HOLLY: Whee!
[ALL LAUGHING]
ALL:
Whoa!
Ah! My tummy!
This is fun!
NANNY: Whoa!
BEN & HOLLY: Whee!
[ANTS GIBBERING]
This must be where
the queen ant lives.
BEN & HOLLY:
Ooh.
Oh. Is that the queen?
Uh...yes.
She's, um, big, isn't she?
Hm.
Gaston, can you translate
for us please?
[BARKS]
Greetings, your ant-ness.
I am Nanny Plum.
And I'm Holly.
I'm a pretty fairy princess.
I'm Mr. Elf.
I'm Mrs. Elf.
And I'm Ben Elf.
[GIBBERING]
ELVES:
We're elves.
[HORNS BLOWING]
[BLOWS AIR]
And you've got my horn.
HOLLY:
And there's my wand.
MR. ELF:
There's the King's piano.
MRS. ELF:
And our TV.
NANNY:
And my magic picnic basket.
Gaston, ask if we can
have our stuff back.
[BOTH GIBBERING]
I think that means no.
Why won't she let us have
our stuff back, Nanny?
Ugh, goodness knows.
What do you want
all this stuff for?
[GIBBERING CONTINUES]
[BARKS]
She says it's for eating,
even though
it tastes horrible.
Why is she eating it
if it tastes horrible?
This isn't food, you know.
[SQUEAKING]
[BARKS]
Queen ant says
they used to collect food
left over from
big people's picnics.
[BOTH GIBBERING]
But the big people haven't
had a picnic for ages.
So the ants have to eat any
old rubbish they can find.
That's not rubbish.
It's a fine musical
instrument.
I'm delivering it
to the King.
It's not good to eat
musical instruments.
Yes, Ben, she's obviously
very stupid.
[GIBBERING]
Gaston.
Don't translate that.
Uh, when I said
you are very stupid,
I meant
you are very clever.
[GIBBERS]
Uh, she doesn't seem
very pleased.
If you want food,
I can make some with
my magic picnic basket.
What would you like
to eat?
[BOTH GIBBER]
She likes sweet things.
What kind of sweet things?
[BOTH GIBBER]
Jelly.
Oh, I can do jelly.
Careful, Nanny Plum.
We don't want a jelly flood.
Don't worry,
I know what I'm doing.
Magic basket please
Jelly jelly
But not a lot
Do you want more?
[GIBBERS]
No problem.
Careful, Nanny Plum.
Oh, Mr. Elf,
stop fussing.
Jelly, Jelly
A little bit more
[ALL GIBBERING]
HOLLY:
Nanny, they all want jelly.
Goodness me,
we'll be here all day.
I'll just have to make
a lot more.
ALL:
No, Nanny Plum.
More. More. More.
[EARTH RUMBLING]
ALL:
Whoa, jelly flood.
[ALL YELLING]
The jelly is showing us
the way out.
[♪♪♪]
Jelly flood! Aah!
I can hear something.
What's that?
ALL:
Jelly flood!
What are they shouting?
Jerry fud?
What's jerry fud?
ALL:
Jelly flood!
Huh? Jelly flood!
[ALL SCREAMING
AND YELLING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[ALL GRUNT]
I've got my horn back.
I've got my wand back.
And the ants have got all
the jelly they can eat.
[GIBBERING]
The piano's taken
a bit of a bashing.
Heh, I'm glad
that's not my piano.
Actually, Your Majesty,
it is your piano.
I was just delivering it
to you.
Oh.
[PLAYING]
It's okay, Daddy,
it sounds lovely.
As long as you only play tunes
with high notes.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
[KIDS PLAYING TUNE]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the meadow.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Hello, Holly.
Hello, Nanny Plum.
Hi, Barnaby.
Hi, Ben.
Something very exciting
is happening.
What's that?
My Uncle Redbeard
is returning
from the sea today.
He's an elf pirate.
Wow. A pirate.
We're going to meet him
at the river.
Do you want to come along,
Holly?
Nanny Plum, can we go
and meet the elf pirate?
Why not?
Hi, Dad.
Oh, hello, Barnaby.
Is Uncle Redbeard here?
[SHIP SIREN WAILS]
That's him now.
Yo-ho-ho.
ALL: Wow.
Anchors aweigh.
Shiver me timbers.
If it ain't me nephew Barnaby.
[CHUCKLING]
These are my friends,
Ben and Holly.
BOTH:
Hello, Mr. Redbeard.
Ha, ha.
A pleasure, me hearties.
And I'm Nanny Plum.
A plum is
a sweet fruit indeed.
The honor is all mine,
missy.
[KISS]
Ooh, ha, ha.
For I am Redbeard.
The elf pirate.
[BLOWS]
Hello, Fred.
Hello, Nigel.
Uncle, what was it like,
being a pirate on the sea?
It were a strange life
for an elf.
Long days staring at the sea,
looking for boats.
No one to keep me company,
except Polly.
Polly?
Yes, me faithful parrot.
[SQUAWKS]
This is Polly.
ALL:
Ooh.
Pieces of eight.
She alone was my companion
as we sailed through
the endless waters.
Pieces of eight.
The conversation must have
been riveting.
Pieces of eight.
Uh, were you an evil,
nasty, bad pirate?
Well, no.
The thing is,
it's quite hard to be a pirate
when you're as small
as an elf.
All the other boats are
so big.
[QUACKS]
ALL:
Oh.
So you didn't do
any piratey things
at all?
Of course I did.
What would any self-respecting
pirate be without...
treasure.
ALL:
Ooh. Heh.
And here's me treasure map.
ALL:
Wow.
Now then.
Somewhere on this map
is the hidden treasure.
BEN:
It's a map
of the Little Kingdom.
Aye. But that's just the start,
me shipmates.
There'll be a big search,
with lots of clues.
There's no need for a big search
and a lot of old fuss.
I can magic you
some treasure right here.
Abracadabra
ALL:
Ooh.
No. That's cheating.
Yes, that's true, Nanny Plum.
It's not as exciting.
All right.
Just trying to save
a bit of time.
Hm. There's an X
in the meadow.
Is that where the treasure is?
There's only one way
to find out.
To the meadow.
Wait.
We may need a spade.
Pirate treasure is often
buried in the ground.
KIDS:
Ooh.
[CHUCKLING]
It's Fleur and Strawberry.
BOTH:
Hello, everyone.
Hello, me hearties.
I'm Redbeard the elf pirate,
and this is me friend Polly.
Pieces of eight.
BOTH:
Ooh.
We're looking
for hidden treasure.
BOTH:
Wow.
Ah-ha.
There's a riddle
on the back of the map.
What does it say?
"Roses are large,
the sky is big,
mix them together,
and you'll know where to dig."
Oh.
Hm. That's confusing.
Roses are large...
And the sky is big...
NANNY:
But how do you mix them
together?
It can't be done.
It's silly.
That's why it's a riddle,
me lovely.
[KISS]
It's a puzzle
you have to solve.
The roses are red...
And the sky is blue.
Mix them together,
and you get...
Purple.
It must be buried
under the purple flower.
Ah-ha. Very good.
Very clever.
Come on, Ben,
let's dig for the treasure.
Yes.
Elves are very good at digging.
BOTH: And we're elves.
[HORNS BLOW]
♪ Dig ho, dig dig ho
Dig dig dig dig dig ♪
Dig dig ♪
Oh. What's that?
It's another map.
That's right.
Ye can't just find the treasure
with one clue.
Why not?
That wouldn't be fun,
me little mermaid.
[KISS]
[SCOFFS]
The X is marked
on Gaston's cave.
HOLLY:
Let's go there.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[BARKING]
Hello, Gaston.
We think there might be some
pirate treasure in your cave.
Ah. I used to live here meself,
many moons ago,
probably before
you were even born, Gaston.
I like what you've done
with the place, Gaston.
[BARKING]
Mr. Redbeard?
What does the riddle say?
Aye, the riddle.
"I'm easily spotted,
and where I lay,
you'll find the clue,
to show you the way."
Easily spotted?
What's that?
[BARKS]
Gaston has spots on his back.
And Gaston's bed
is where he lays.
BEN: Its another map.
Ooh.
The X shows
the Little Castle.
NANNY:
Impossible.
I've dusted every nook
and cranny
of the Little Castle.
I would have found it.
Maybe it's well-hidden,
me sweetheart.
[KISS]
Hm.
To the Little Castle.
Hello, everybody.
Pieces of eight.
[GASPS]
Goodness me.
Daddy, we're searching
for pirate treasure.
My Uncle is Redbeard,
the elf pirate.
Your majesties.
A pirate, eh?
Not a nasty pirate,
Your Majesty, a good pirate.
For I am Redbeard,
the elf pirate.
[BLOWS]
[LAUGHING]
Well, that's all right then.
So where's this treasure?
Hm...
"Up above the castle,
I point to the sky,
and hidden underneath me,
is where the clue lies."
Well, that's just nonsense.
I know.
The roof is above the castle.
KING:
And it points to the sky.
REDBEARD:
Very clever, your majesties.
But that's ridiculous.
I've dusted on top
of the roof a hundred times.
Maybe it be under the roof.
I've an idea.
Take a look under the roof,
Nanny Plum.
Oh. Are you sure,
Your Majesty?
I command it.
[INHALES HEAVILY]
As you wish.
Zip zap zup
Roof lift up
Oh. I meant
take a look
through the attic door.
Oh.
Ooh.
Heh. Another map.
KING: The X is at the river.
Let's go.
[ALL LAUGH]
Wait for me.
BEN:
Oh. We're back where we started.
Where is the treasure?
Uncle,
what does the riddle say?
Ahem.
"Up and down and side to side,
it's inside this thing,
I really hide."
The ship goes up and down.
STRAWBERRY:
And it goes side to side.
ALL:
Yes. The ship.
So that's where
the treasure is.
That's right.
You worked it out.
Here it is, me hearties.
ALL:
Ah.
Thanks for your help
in finding me treasure.
But we're back
where we started.
And the treasure was here
all the time.
But didn't we have fun?
ALL: Aye, Captain Redbeard.
I certainly enjoyed it.
I suppose it was fun, in a way.
Fun is what it's all about
when you're an elf pirate.
And I'm an elf pirate.
[BLOWS]
[ALL LAUGH]
And now, I must return
to the distant waters.
Goodbye, Uncle Redbeard.
Goodbye, Barnaby.
Goodbye, everyone.
ALL: Bye-bye.
Hoist the mainsail, Polly.
Weigh anchor. Scrub the decks.
Squawk. Pieces of eight.
Lets get this ship underway.
Heh. When I grow up
I want to be a pirate.
A-hargh.
Me too.
And me.
BOTH: And me.
[BARKS]
[ALL CHUCKLING]
You'll be seeing me again.
Don't forget the name
Redbeard, the elf pirate!
[QUACKS]
Pieces of eight.
[♪♪♪]